week 1

As a scrum master, I created Jira project for our group. 

As a scrum master, organized a meeting to discuss about the requirement and difficulty of all the optional projects in terms of choosing one project which is satisfied to our ability and interest. 

week 2

As a scrum master, I organized meetings on Wednesday and weekends. We discussed about the features we should offer to users and drafted the user stories.

As a team member, I drafted the user stories about how a user manage its account and its wishlist.

week 3

As a scrum master, I organized meetings to discussed about user story and UI/story board design. We discussed about the tool chains we plan to use and everything else which we should put in project proposal.

As a team member, I drafted serveral story boards, helped teammates to
finished user stories and done the final check of the proposal. 

Week 4

As a scrum master, I organized meetings to discuss about assgined jobs to my teammates. 
As a backend developer, I setup the backend environment, and loaded the
initial files into the project directory. I also help my teammate to set up
his environment

Weeek 5

As a scrum master, I made the Progressive Demo A for our team and lead the
first Retrospective on the next day.

As a developer, I finished the basic login/signup function

Week 6

As a scrum master, I assigned the jobs to my teammates.

As a backend developer, I was trying to re-implement login/signup feature with
Spring Security

Week 7

As a scrum master, I checked the progress with my team

As a backend developer, I finished User, Movie, CommentLike Entities and
controllers

Week 8

As a scrum master, I made the Progressive Demo B for our team

As a backend developper, debugging CommentLike controller, and debugged
wishlist and rate

Week 9
As a scrum master, I organized my team to work for the final code submission

As a backend developer, use python script to crawling the data to AWS RDS
server, fix the blacklist, implement the search and recommend funtion 
